c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\obj\Debug\AngularWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\obj\Debug\AngularWebApi.Migrations.initDataBase.resources
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\obj\Debug\AngularWebApi.Migrations.RenameTableDb.resources
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\obj\Debug\AngularWebApi.Migrations.AddNewColumnsIntoUsersTable.resources
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\obj\Debug\AngularWebApi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\AngularWebApi.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\AngularWebApi.pdb
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\obj\Debug\AngularWebApi.dll
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\obj\Debug\AngularWebApi.pdb
c:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\fr\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\VoTrE-BeSt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\AngularWebApi\AngularWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
